Hey everyone, I'm Chris Crow, campus pastor for Crossway Christian Church's Millford campus here in Southern New Hampshire, where our mission is all about practicing the way of Jesus together as we pursue God, build community, and unleash compassion.
I pray that what you hear today will help you experience God more deeply and live more and more like Jesus.
Let's take our Bibles and go to Psalm 23, and we'll continue our series experiencing Psalm 23.
We just get a good look at everybody here.
This is a good looking congregation campus.
I hope that you're open to the Word of God.
I'm sure that you are.
You wouldn't be here.
Very easy to kind of close ourselves off to the revelation of the Lord and we don't want that.
God is speaking to us.
This is what he does.
So my job as a pastor or preacher is to make sure I handle the text correctly.
that I handle the Bible.
The Bible is what is supernatural.
The Bible is inspired.
It's without error.
It's an errand.
It is also infallible, which means it's completely believable.
So those words are important words for us to understand.
When we come to the Word of God, God will speak to us.
Do you believe that?
And so my job is to make sure that I look at the text, understand it, and then deliver it to you.
Here's the verse we're going to look at, verse 3 of Psalm 23.
It says, he restores my soul.
He leads me in paths of righteousness for his namesake.
I'm gonna read that again.
He restores my soul and he leads me in paths of righteousness for his namesake.
For his namesake.
I've titled this fourth message in this series, how to return strength to your soul.
How to return strength to your soul.
Now often our souls might
resemble the gentleman you'll see on the screen if you could pull that up.
Is this your soul?
Is that you?
Feeling it.
You're feeling it.
You're feeling kind of, how strong is your soul?
That's the question.
How strong is your soul?
Now, what is the soul?
It's been debated for centuries.
What is the soul?
It's a material.
We know that.
It's spiritual in nature.
The biblical or the orthodox Christian position is that it's the conscious self, the mind, the will, the emotions,
and the desires.
It's the entirety of who we are.
And so the soul can't be seen.
It's very hard to define.
But the Bible talks about it a lot.
Psalm 19 verse 7, you'll see it on the screen if you could bring that up.
The law of the Lord is David talking.
The law of the Lord is perfect.
Reviving the what?
The soul.
So the soul implication is the soul needs some revival.
And how does that revival happen according to what David is saying in Psalm 19?
What's it say there?
It's the law of the Lord.
Notice it.
The law of the Lord is perfect.
That's an errand without error.
And it's also infallible, which would be completely believable.
That revives the soul.
The testimony of the Lord is sure making wise the simple.
Notice this next verse.
25 20.
O guard my soul and deliver me.
Some people's souls need deliverance.
Some people's souls need this restoring, this revival.
Let me not be put to shame for I take refuge in you.
Here's another one.
Psalm 31 9, be gracious to me, O Lord, for I am in distress.
My eye is wasted from grief.
My soul and my body.
So your soul can be in distress.
Your soul can be distracted.
Your soul can be weary.
It can be weakened.
Your soul can go through things that only God can bring back and restore.
And so I want to talk about that this morning.
David said he restores my soul.
In other words, remember, we're trying to get into the mind of David as he's on the run from Saul for 20 years.
David is weary.
His soul has been affected.
He wouldn't say he restores my soul if he wasn't battling with these things.
Does that make any sense?
Remember David is a man and he's a man who is after God's own heart.
He is a giant killer.
He did some amazing things and then saw God jealous and chased him for 20 years trying to kill him.
And in those 20 years, David's soul was taking a beating.
It was taking a beating and he knew that God could only restore.
Now what weakens the soul?
You talk to me.
What would weaken our soul?
Just lift it up.
What weakens your soul?
The flesh, the manifestation of our old nature that's still within us.
Anything else weakens our soul.
What is it fear?
Fear can do that.
Sin can do that.
Uncertainty and grief and how about trials and tribulations and persecution.
All of that can affect our soul.
It weakens our soul.
And we need to return strength to that.
How about in the neglect of the soul?
I don't know if anybody mentioned that one.
Neglect of the soul.
If we neglect our soul, we will pay a price for that.
Well, David faced all of this.
I want you to look at Psalm or first Samuel, pardon me, 30 verse six.
It's on the screen.
Notice this verse here.
It's wonderful.
David was greatly distressed for the people spoke of stoning him.
He went on a mission with his men, came back, zit-glag.
The city that he was a part of, his family, it was all torched.
It was all destroyed and his family was kidnapped.
and taken ransom.
And so his own men started to turn on him.
It was a very difficult season for David's life.
He goes, I'm greatly distressed for the people spoke of stoning him because of all the people who were bitter and soul because of this, each for his sons and daughters.
But David strengthened himself and the Lord his God.
Do you see that?
So we are responsible then to strengthen ourselves in the Lord.
But at the same time, David says in Psalm 23,
that he restores my soul.
You see, our relationship with God is not just God sovereignly over us and providentially working in our life, but it's also choices that we make.
So we're in partnership with God.
It's God in ourselves.
David knows this.
How did he strengthen his soul?
How do you and I strengthen our soul?
when it's depleted, when we have soul fatigue, when we're weak and weary, and when our soul gets diminished from the desires that it once possessed, from that passion that you used to have in your heart for the presence of the Lord, or for all of those times that you sought the Lord with all of your heart, but you're not doing it as much as you used to.
What has happened to our soul?
It happens to all of us.
Now, how would you strengthen your body?
How would you strengthen your body?
Yeah, you would have to exercise, put some effort into things.
You would have to eat well, and you'll have to make sure that your thought life is strong.
All of that is taking care of our mind, taking care of our body.
But what about the soul?
Because David mentions he restores not his body.
He specifically says he restores my soul.
So he's talking about something that's inside of him spiritually, his relationship with the Lord.
Something had gone sideways for David.
He wasn't always strong sitting in those caves.
He wasn't always strong when he had to leave that cave of comfort and he had to keep moving because Saul was after him.
I'm sure that David struggled with fear and anxiety.
If you read all of the Psalms, you'll see that he is a man who is very transparent.
He's very vulnerable about his battles.
I think that's a good place to be.
David needs restoring and some of us need restoring today.
Let me give you a word.
Let me give you a word and every time I go into the Hebrew with you, remember Greek is the New Testament, the original language of the New Testament is Greek.
And when I do that with you, it's what?
Time.
It's Chibani time.
But when we go into the Old Testament and it's Hebrew, it's what?
It's matzabalt time, okay?
So it's matzabalt time.
I'm going to give you a word, you'll see it on the screen.
Now get your Bible ready because we're going to do a little bit of movement and shake in here.
The word is Shub.
Shub, it means to return or bring back.
Do you remember a man, a priest in the Old Testament, his name was Elias Shub.
Or Elias Shub.
Or she, you could pronounce it in many ways.
What does his name mean?
It means God restores.
It's Elias Shub.
He's actually a descendant of David.
I want you to take your Bible and go with me to the book of Nehemiah.
Find Nehemiah, you wanna use your index, that's fine.
Go to Nehemiah, I'll give you a hand, it's before the book of Psalms, there we go, that'll help.
Nehemiah chapter 13, now I got some turning to do, so follow along if you will, and I try not to go too quickly.
Nehemiah 13, remember Nehemiah got a word from the Lord, and the people of God returned to homeland, and he was gonna rebuild the walls,
He got a vision to rebuild the walls of Jerusalem.
And he's doing that.
And then he gets resistance from sand ballot to buy a, and a guy named Gisham.
And so there was a lot going on to try to restore.
Now watch this, try to restore Jerusalem, not just Jerusalem, but the name of God in the city of God, which is Jerusalem.
And so Nehemiah is trying this, this major project, construction project to take care of the city of God and the people of God and tries to restore all of what they had lost.
in the deportation to Babylon.
So there's this guy Eli, here's like you'd actually say El Yashib, you can say it like that.
El Yashib, God restores.
El God, and then restores.
Look at chapter 13 verse four, now before this, Elias Sheb, the priest who was appointed over the chambers of the house of our God, and who was related to to buy it, prepared for to buy a large chamber where they had previously put the grain offering
The frankincense, the vessels, the ties of grain, wine, and oil, which were given by commandment to the Levite singers and gatekeepers, and the contributions for the priest.
Is what he's doing positive or negative?
What do you think?
Negative.
Watch what he does.
Because Eliashib, the one whose name God restores, had gone sideways.
And he himself would need restoration in his soul.
The same thing for you and I.
anybody can go sideways spiritually.
Even this man who was responsible for so much in the city of Jerusalem, verse six.
And while this was taking place, I was not in Jerusalem for in the 32nd year of Artaxerxes, king of Babylon.
I went to the king and after some time I asked leave of the king and came to Jerusalem.
And then I discovered the evil that Elias Sheb had done for Tabaya, preparing for him a chamber in the courts of the house of our God.
In other words, he made a little apartment for Tabaya.
Who's that rascal?
All these guys are connected to sand ballot, to Bayah, and Gishim, and a liarship, the God who restores, now himself needed restoration in his soul.
So what happens?
It's amazing.
Verse 8, and I was very angry, Nehemiah said, and I threw all the household furniture of Tabiah out of the chamber.
In other words, you're just getting out of here, he just unloads.
He starts taking all of the couch, the refrigerator, the bed and throws it all out.
He loses it.
Because a liarship wasn't living up to his name, the God who restores.
I say all of that, and he used this illustration because
We can all be like that.
We can all struggle with things.
And I'm not judging a liveship.
I know that Nehemiah was mad at him, kicked them out of his apartment.
But I think the point is that if we're going to experience the restoring of our soul, the strengthening of our soul, if we're going to get to that place, we have to realize something that everybody can go sideways.
I know that in this section alone, some of you, your soul isn't as strong as it once was.
Would you agree with that?
It happens.
Over here, you guys are completely without sin.
I know that, but over here, I picked on these.
So I'm trying to bring you hope in the middle section there.
This is David as he writes Psalm 23, he knows God and he'll eventually and ultimately restore his soul to even better place than it was before.
And this is the process of restoration, of restoring, of returning strength to our soul.
It's a process.
Soul sinned against David, but David also sinned with Bathsheba.
You remember that.
The time it took to restore his soul was significant, but it happened.
Do you remember the son of David?
And the son of Dave, one of his sons, did some amazing things.
Who was the son of David that did incredible things?
Solomon.
And it took time.
After David's soul had gone sideways and he wasn't living as he once did,
It'll take time for you to come back maybe.
It might take a day, it might take a week, it might take a month, it might take a year.
But God's gonna bring you back.
He's gonna return strength to your soul.
He will, he will.
Galatians chapter one verse six says this on the screen, you'll see it.
Notice what the Apostle Paul said, brothers, if anyone is caught in any transgression, you who are spiritual should what restore him in a spirit of gentleness,
Keep watching yourself, lest you two be tempted.
Some of you are strong right now.
Some of your souls doing pretty good.
And as Luke was admonishing us, even encouraging us to move around and help one another, lay hands on one another.
Some of you are in a place that you can do that for someone else.
Some of your, your soul is not as strong and you're going to need somebody to come beside you and walk with you through some things.
That's what it says there.
Here's another one.
First Peter chapter five, verse 10, notice it on the screen.
It's such a wonderful, wonderful verse.
It says, this is Peter, and after you have suffered a while, a little while, the God of all grace who has called you to his eternal glory in Christ will himself restore, confirm, strengthen, and establish you.
So suffering is connected to that verse.
You'll suffer for a while.
Some of you are like, yeah, this is a long while.
Do you think David was knowing it was going to be 20 years in that first year that he was on the run from Saul?
Did he know that?
Yes or no?
No.
He could have thought that would have lasted all those lives.
Some of you guys are thinking, this is going to last my whole life.
I've thought those thoughts in the middle of suffering.
My soul was depleted.
My soul was struggling.
I needed strength in my soul again.
Our midweek email is called God at Work.
And so I hope that you'll sign up for the email that I send out every week.
It's Wednesdays, usually it comes out.
I call it God at Work.
God is always at work.
I hope that you'll realize this more and more.
We need to keep reminding ourselves of some things.
Now I'm going to give you some principles here.
I want to show you something I think is important.
Here's number one, keep bringing that up on the screen for me.
Number one, out of the text.
It's this.
Number one, let's go back.
Go back to number one.
There we go.
Realize comprehensively that God is always active in your life.
This is verse three when David says he restores my soul.
There's a comprehensive understanding that God is always at work.
And that's why I titled it God at work.
Because I want to encourage you that God is always active in your life, no matter what.
You might think that he has not put the time into your life that maybe you think that he should have.
Maybe you think that he has left you or forsaken you, but we know the Bible says otherwise.
So I want to encourage you with this, he restores my soul that God is always active in our life.
But there's going to be some things that we need to admit.
God was active in David's life, but he had to admit some things.
If you'll go to the 51st chapter of Psalms, you'll see what I'm talking about here.
Psalm 51, notice verse one.
Here's some things that we need to emulate David.
And he says this in Psalm 51, one, have mercy on me, oh God.
According to your steadfast love, according to your abundant mercy, blot out my transgressions.
In other words, what do you have to do?
He has to admit his transgressions before the Lord.
And he does that when he sins with Bathsheba.
He comes to that place where he's honest about his shortcomings.
And so here's how you strengthen yourself in the Lord.
Here's how you know that God is at work in your life.
When you inside of your heart come to this place like David does and says, God, I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I've sinned against you.
I haven't been faithful to you.
My thought life, my words, my actions, my behavior, my attitude hasn't been faithful to you.
This is what David's doing here.
He says in verse two, watch me thoroughly from my iniquity.
and cleanse me from my sin.
For I know my transgressions and my sin is ever before me against you and you only have I sinned and done what is evil in your sight.
What an honest, honest man.
Listen, you try to hide your sin, you try to cover it over, you try to justify it, you try to rationalize it.
It's never gonna lead you to a strong soul again.
To return
to understand that God is always active in our life, to be able to see it comprehensively.
We have to be honest with ourselves.
We have to admit some things, confess some things like David did.
God shows up when you do that.
He certainly does.
Let me give you a second principle, not just what I had mentioned.
Number two, remain constant to the directional guidance God gives you.
This is number two.
He leads me in paths of righteousness for his name sake.
Let me talk about this for a little bit.
David saw God open up the way ahead of him as he escaped Saul's jealous pursuits.
The righteousness that he's talking about here certainly is character transformation.
Now, when you have read that verse, I'm sure through the years, you might think it's talking about holiness, paths of righteousness.
And there's some truth to that, but I'm gonna give you another angle to this verse if you don't mind.
And what I believe that David is talking about here is that God has placed him on the right path to ultimately fulfill all that God has for him.
Now he's not gonna realize that in the moment.
He's not gonna get that revelation in full totality.
And neither are you.
But you gotta believe, you gotta remain, here's the second principle, remain constant,
to the directional guidance God gives you.
He's going to open up a path in front of you.
And then you need to travel down that path.
If he opens up that path to you and you do not take it, don't expect your soul to ever get stronger.
It will not happen.
You got to come out of that place that you're in.
You got to come out of that cave of comfort as I put it last Lord's day.
And this is what David would do.
David was being providentially placed on paths that were leading him to his ultimate destiny of being king.
God is putting you on paths of righteousness.
He's directing your life in that way so that you will ultimately be where he wants you to be.
Because where you're at now is not where he wants you to ultimately be.
It's called Christian growth.
So I get a little bit concerned as a pastor when I hear that people would say something like this,
Well, I haven't grown very much in a whole year.
And when you look at their life, they're not any different than they were the year before.
My encouragement to you, and this isn't judgment.
This is just exhortation and admonishment.
Examine yourself to see if you're in the faith.
Because you might not be genuinely born again.
I know that strong word, but that's a loving word.
David would definitely struggle with his struggles, but he is always looking at the path that God opens up before him.
And as hard as that decision-making is for him to keep going, he does it.
That's because he's truly redeemed.
You remember the story of Joseph, don't you?
In Genesis chapter 50, it's an amazing story.
I love the story of Joseph.
One day it'll be Jesus.
I love you.
It's so great to see you and now follow this feat.
And then I'll probably ask, Hey, where's Joseph?
Cause I want to meet him.
So Joseph and Genesis 50, you remember the story he gets sold by his brothers and Ishmaelites are coming.
They're on their way to Egypt.
They decide not to kill Joseph.
He's down in the well in the pit there.
They pull him out.
He gets sold.
He ends up down in Egypt and
God starts blessing his life.
He starts being prosperous and God's hand of favor was on him.
It's a credible story.
And so he rises up to second in command.
That's how powerful Joseph became.
Well, there's a famine in the land and Israel would go extinct if it wasn't for Egypt.
And so who comes to Joseph?
Do you remember the story?
His brothers come.
They don't recognize him.
Joseph's a different man.
Joseph had walked through the valley of the shadow of death.
He'd gone through all of this stuff to try to get to where he's at.
And God kept opening this path before him, this path of righteousness, because Joseph would be raised up to such a significant position that he would save Israel.
He's a type of Christ.
Well, his brothers come and they don't recognize him.
He recognizes them and it's a dramatic scene.
He can't even contain himself.
He has to excuse himself.
He goes off to the side and starts weeping.
What ends up happening in that scenario?
Well, eventually he says, I am Joseph your brother.
Of course, they think that he's going to do what to them?
Kill him.
Could he have ordered that?
Yes, but he just reassures them.
What you meant for evil, he says, God meant for good.
In other words, the directional path that Joseph was on was for his ultimate destiny.
It's the same thing for you and I.
It's the same thing.
This is what we need to see in the text here.
I hope that you'll see it.
That God is directing our steps providentially as he did Joseph, as he does David, as he does your life and anybody else who belongs to him.
God will bring the trials and the temptations and no doubt
That's all part of his providential plan.
You know that, right?
You're going to have to face that kind of thing.
And so am I.
This is how God works.
All of this, all of these different challenges.
Let me give you a story of how God directs lives.
You'll see on the screen, it's a picture of Acadia National Park.
I don't know if you've ever been there.
It was on our bucket list.
And at least tonight, we're able to spend some time in Acadia.
Many years ago, now you're wondering why the Sketchers logo.
Well, at least I were wearing sketches that day.
That we went on a hike, and that hike was supposed to be a short mile, mile and a half.
And so we had half bottle of water, a little pole in spring, right?
And so we were sharing that as we went up the mountain.
And as we went up, we kept going up and up, and I had my sketches flip-flops.
She had her sketches bling, bling flip-flops.
And so people were looking at us very strangely, and they kept going by, and I'm like, how much further to the top?
And oh, it's not too much further.
So we get to the top of this little mountain, and we think it's going to be an easy hike.
And everybody had those camelback things that comes around.
You take a drink.
They had all of that.
They had poles, and they had real boots, hiking boots.
So at least I started to panic a little bit, and we decided that we needed to find the path back.
What is the right direction to get back to our car?
So we had a little bit of an argument at the top of the hill, because the stress was enormous.
And so she's like, we need to go that way.
And I said, no, we need to go that way.
So we chose one way and you'll see who was right at the end of the story.
So we started going down the hill and we're thinking, this is ridiculous.
And it's difficult and it's hard.
And we're just trying to find our way.
So we get to the bottom and there's a pond at the bottom of this trail.
And I'm thinking to myself, I don't remember a pond when we started.
So I went up to somebody.
I said, can you tell us where we are?
And they explained where we were.
And we had gone down the wrong side of the mountain.
And so I'm waiting for this guy to offer me a ride in his car.
He doesn't offer me that.
Could have asked, but I didn't.
So we started walking.
And so we were walking down this street and it said entering Acadia National Park.
So we were outside of Acadia National Park.
So I figured we should probably go back into Acadia National Park.
So we went into the park again, and it's just getting late.
It's like four or five in the early evening, and I'm thinking, we're going to be on 2021 day.
That's what you're thinking, honestly.
And then we started to argue even more.
So we're going down into the forest, and there's two ways you could go, two paths.
Now we have another choice to make.
And so I said, let's go to the right.
And so we did.
But in the distance, I could see this park ranger getting out of his Jeep.
He had this huge backpack on.
He was going back into the wilderness to do some tests and different things.
And I said, hey.
And I screamed.
And I said, help.
We need help.
And so we went up to him.
And he's looking at us.
Of course, we have our sketches, our half-bottle water.
And he goes, what's going on?
I said, I think we're lost.
He goes, where did you start?
And I told him the parking lot, the name of the parking lot.
He goes, you're 10 miles out of the way.
And so he goes, get in the trunk.
I'll take you back.
And so we went back, got the lecture.
15, 20 people die every year at Katie National Park like this.
So when we got done our trip to Acadia, we went, got ourselves some hiking boots.
We learned a lesson.
But the point I'm trying to make here is that we can get off course.
I'm telling you, when you need to be rescued and you might need a rescue,
to return your soul back to strength again, know that God's going to provide at the exact time what you need, like that park ranger was for us.
This is what he does.
He provides.
He takes care of us.
Let me give you a little bit of application out of the second point.
You'll see them on the screen, letter A.
When you see the path, when you see it, submit to it.
When you see it, submit to it.
When that park ranger said, get in the truck, I could have said, that's all right.
Wise or unwise?
Unwise.
Submit.
He preached it at me.
That's OK.
I deserved it.
Submit.
Let her write.
Number two, or let her be, stay on the path.
Don't detour.
Stay on the path.
And by the way, there's notes.
I forgot to mention there's a little note things back at that table you could have grabbed.
It's at that table.
It will be there where Josh is right now.
And so next week, if you want to take notes, sorry about that.
Stay on the path, don't detour, and then let her see, trust the markers.
What does that mean?
Trust the markers.
This past Tuesday, Lisa and I were able to get away for a day, took a little bit of a vacation up to the White Mountains.
And this isn't like the first story, by the way.
So I know where you're thinking, it's going down now, it's not.
So we went up to the White Mountains specifically, Echolate Cannon Mountain.
You've probably been there before.
There's a hike called the Artist Bluff.
And so we decided to go to the top of and get a view of the artist.
Well, if I think I have a, if you could bring that up, here's the picture that we have.
Isn't that gorgeous?
That's our picture.
We took that.
And so we were climbing up to this location to get a look at Franconia Natch and Cannon Mountain in Echo Lake.
So we were sitting there on the rocks, of course, enjoying the scenery and some other people were there.
It was just phenomenal.
Probably one of the nicest views I've ever seen in the White Mountains,
We had to go back.
And so we started to head back and there's a sign that says, trail to parking lot.
And I said, okay, well, we're going to go that way because we're going back to the parking lot.
There's a lady with us and she's an older lady.
And she's nervous.
She was separated from her husband, husband didn't go on the hike.
So she left him at the parking lot.
She's at the top with us.
She wants to go back.
She starts to panic a little bit because it's going uphill.
But there's markers that they gave us.
And I said, we're going to follow the markers.
And she's like, I don't know.
This is going uphill.
And Lisa starts to chime in with her, and they're getting to become buddies on the trail.
And I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I said, I promise you, I'll get you back to your husband.
She's just looking at me like she doesn't know who I am.
Anyway, we trusted the markers.
She trusted the markers, and she took off.
She was leaving us in the dust.
She made it back to her husband.
God's gonna give you markers, directional, providential guidance for your life.
This is what David's talking about.
The path of righteousness that he has put me on, God is going to give me markers.
He's gonna show up in ways to show you that he's still there, that he's leading you.
He'll speak a word to you.
Maybe there's a word coming to you right now through the preaching.
It might be another person who prays over you.
It might be an intrusive thought that you're gonna get from the Holy Spirit.
Whatever it is, he's gonna give you a marker.
And then you need to keep following those markers.
This is how he leads our lives.
So his way of conclusion, realize, realize that God is always active.
He's always active in your life right now, and you might not feel it.
I understand that.
Two, remain.
So here it is just simple, realizing, remaining, comprehensively grass that God is always at work,
Number two, constantly follow his directive guidance down the right paths that he provides for you.
Don't do this alone.
Don't do it alone.
I'm going to show you one more text, 1 Samuel 23.
It'll be on the screen, 15 to 18.
Notice this again, David.
He saw that Saul had come out to seek his life.
David was in the wilderness of Ziph at Harsh.
And Jonathan saw son rose and went to David at Harsh and strengthened his hand in God.
It's as beautiful.
He said to him, do not fear for the hand of Saul my father shall not find you.
You shall be king over Israel.
And I shall be next to you.
Saul my father also knows this.
And the two of them made a covenant before the Lord.
David remained at harsh and Jonathan went home.
David didn't go alone.
He had his mighty men of valor.
There was about 400 of those rascals.
The riff-raff, the ones that nobody wanted.
David rallied them.
to be mighty men of valor.
David had Jonathan.
Don't try to do this on your own.
Don't try to return strength to your own soul without doing what David did and don't do it in isolation.
This is why it's important to be together regularly with other believers.
Very important.
God designed it like that.
There is no other way.
God's given you leaders and pastors
Other people like mentors and friends to help you.
Does your soul need strength to return?
Anybody?
Raise your hand right now.
You need strength in your soul.
You do?
Yes, yes.
Anybody else?
Anybody over here?
Strength in your soul.
You need it to come back.
Yes.
Jesus, I thank you, Lord, that you're the one.
You put us on paths of righteousness.
You're a perfect shepherd.
You are so skilled at shepherding our lives.
We looked at that last Lord's day.
And so God, we're going to comprehensively understand and realize that you're always active.
You're always active in our life, even now.
Bring this revelation to the people that raise their hands.
And oh God, we pray that you would help.
Help us, Lord, to be constant in following the directions that you have given us, the paths that have been put before us.
I pray that you would overwhelm these dear people that
Need strength in their soul, overwhelm them with your love and grace and your mercy right now.
Holy spirit right now.
God, I pray as we sing this last song that even during that song, every word, Holy spirit that you would do this for those people that raised their hands, strengthen their soul alone.
We thank you, Jesus.
Can we all stand?
This is who you are.
Can I see those hands?
Again, raise those hands who raised them in just a second.
I'm not going to ask you to come out or anything.
God's touching your life right now.
He's doing it supernaturally.
He's doing it through His Word.
He's doing it here in the atmosphere of His presence in this room.
Let's worship Him with one more song.
Thanks for listening to the Crossway Christian Church's Middleford campus sermon podcast.
If you like to plug into the life of our community or have any questions that we might be able to answer, visit our website at crosswaycc.org to connect with us.
Until next time, we can be with you.
May the Lord bless you and keep you.